README.md, before:

# generator-mean-modules 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules)
[![bitHound Score](https://www.bithound.io/github/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules/badges/score.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules.svg "Dependencies Checked & Updated Regularly (Security is Important!)")](https://david-dm.org/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules)

> [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) generator


## Getting Started

### What is Yeoman?

Trick question. It's not a thing. It's this guy:

![Yo dawg, I heard you like generators?](http://i.imgur.com/2gqiift.jpg)

Basically, he wears a top hat, lives in your computer, and waits for you to tell him what kind of application you wish to create.

Not every new computer comes with a Yeoman pre-installed. He lives in the [npm](https://npmjs.org) package repository. You only have to ask for him once, then he packs up and moves into your hard drive. *Make sure you clean up, he likes new and shiny things.*

```bash
npm install -g yo
```

### Yeoman Generators

Yeoman travels light. He didn't pack any generators when he moved in. You can think of a generator like a plug-in. You get to choose what type of application you wish to create, such as a Backbone application or even a Chrome extension.

To install generator-mean-modules from npm, run:

```bash
npm install -g generator-mean-modules
```

Finally, initiate the generator:

```bash
yo mean modules
```

### Getting To Know Yeoman

Yeoman has a heart of gold. He's a person with feelings and opinions, but he's very easy to work with. If you think he's too opinionated, he can be easily convinced.

If you'd like to get to know Yeoman better and meet some of his friends, [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com) and [Bower](http://bower.io), check out the complete [Getting Started Guide](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/wiki/Getting-Started).


## License

MIT

Commit message:

added informations about the generator

README.md, after:

# generator-mean-modules 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules)
[![bitHound Score](https://www.bithound.io/github/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules/badges/score.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules.svg "Dependencies Checked & Updated Regularly (Security is Important!)")](https://david-dm.org/PauloLuan/generator-mean-modules)

## About this generator

> This is a [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) generator created to generate modules both for AngularJS and NodeJS.

Basically it created the following structure for Angular:
TODO: add tree of tiles

And the following structure for Node:
TODO: add tree of tiles

In order to make it easier and an organized way to create routes and module for MEAN applications.


## Getting Started

![Yo dawg, I heard you like generators?](http://i.imgur.com/2gqiift.jpg)

```bash
npm install -g yo
```

### Yeoman Generators

To install generator-mean-modules from npm, run:

```bash
npm install -g generator-mean-modules
```

Finally, initiate the generator:

```bash
yo mean modules
```

### Getting To Know Yeoman

Yeoman has a heart of gold. He's a person with feelings and opinions, but he's very easy to work with. If you think he's too opinionated, he can be easily convinced.

If you'd like to get to know Yeoman better and meet some of his friends, [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com) and [Bower](http://bower.io), check out the complete [Getting Started Guide](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/wiki/Getting-Started).


## License

MIT
